Overview:
    The assignment, Assignment A, involves Search Algorithms,
    in particular, Breadth-First, Depth-First, and A-Star.
    It involves a program that simulates a puzzle called an N-Puzzle:
    https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/15_puzzle
    In our version, the blank space is in the bottom right in the solution.


Files:
    helpers.py:
        Contains enums used for UP, DOWN, LEFT, and RIGHT.
        Also contains 2 classes:
            NPuzzle, that represents a puzzle with a current state.
            It has functions to print the puzzle, read-in the puzzle,
            swap 2 places, and evaluate if the puzzle is solved.

            Node, which represents a Search Node.
            It contains a puzzle state, a parent Node, a current search depth,
            and a list of moves that have lead to this node.
            It has functions to print all moves and to print the puzzle.

    main.py
        A driver used to run your code (All Algorithms) on all the examples.
        I have given you 6 examples, and will graded your code against these 6,
        as well as several others (of similar size)

        Note that this file ONLY checks if your code solved the puzzle, but does
        not check if you solved it using the right algorithm, or implemented the
        algorithm correctly, which I will do.

    search.py
        A file with 4 algorithms that you will write as your assignment,
        BFS, DFS, and 2 A-Stars. A shell has been included for each.
        Be sure to return the correct expected values.

Software Requirements:
    You must be using python3

Running:
    python3 main.py

Assignment:
    Implement
        (20 pt) Breadth First Search,
        (20 pt) Depth First Search,
        (20 pt) A-Star with the heuristic: # of misplaced tiles
        (20 pt) A-Star with the heuristic: Sum of Manhattan Distance of each tile from correct position.
    Compare (20pt):
        Which algorithm performed the fastest,
        which took up the most memory and
        which gave the best solution.
            - A*1  performed was the fastest, DFS took the most memroy, 
              A*1 gave the best solution.
        Include your answers in the README
    Include a README with your code telling me how to run it,
    any requirements or dependencies,
    and the answers to the comparison questions above.

    Submit your code and README as a single ZIP file

Notes:
    0 represents the empty space
    Ties should be broken in the order: UP DOWN LEFT RIGHT
    The goal state has the 0 in the bottom right
    Be sure to submit clean, working code that is able to handle a variety of
    sizes and puzzles
    Code MUST be original. Copying code is considered academic dishonesty.
